# Ethics
## In the Workplace
In the Article [The code I'm still ashamed of](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-code-im-still-ashamed-of-e4c021dff55e/), we look at a young developers experience working at a marketing firm.  Understanding that the world of marketing is all about getting the product sold, at a certain point it can seem wrong to force the issue.  When developers manipulate outcomes to benefit the client's desires, it typically doesn't end well for some of their target audience.  Having the power to question client request and question motives behind them is a critical role that all of us should be taking seriously.  If we all just did what we were told by big tech and big pharma, wouldn't we lose touch with our own humanity?

## In Technology
After reading [The cybersecurity risk of self-driving cars](https://phys.org/news/2017-02-cybersecurity-self-driving-cars.html),  my perspective on the idea has shifted significantly.  As inspired innovators, developers tend to lean on our technologies capabilities a bit harder than the "average joe".  This leaves us free to create better tools for the eventual better future, but that doesn't come without some obvious growing pains.  While in some cases, like the security of technology in a self-driving vehicle, these would appear more as a massive red flags.  Proven time and again, it is fairly common to be able to trick a smart bit of tech to not fully recognize something as important as a shape (stop sign) or even some alpha/numeric symbols that would determine where you were and how fast you should travel.  Security holes are just one of the major reasons we won't see fully automated self-driving cars just yet, but we are getting closer every day.  I would still prefer to personally maintain the safety and well-being of my family in every scenario i possibly can.  So long as there are security threats in the world of self-driving cars, I will drive my car's myself, thank you.


[Back to Main Page](../README.md)